The Joe Rogan experience.
Shelly Duval.
Uh, Shelly Duval. Yeah. And she had trauma from it to this day.
She talks about the trauma she had in that movie.
I was reading a story, an interview with her, like she kind of vanished. Yeah.
And then they were interviewing her and she sounded insane. Yeah.
I think it pushed her over the edge. I think that movie people up.
Cubic was a strange guy. Yeah.
Do you know who would do complex mathematics in his spare time? Really? Yeah.
He's like a legitimate genius. Wow. And he would put all sorts of like weird,
hidden meaning into all of his movies. Like a thing was never just a thing.
Like a, a, there was, there's a big,
crazy conspiracy about the shine that inside of it
is all sorts of, um, information that,
uh, is it relates to the moon landing? Yeah. You know? Yeah.
Like room. Yeah. The room room room in the hotel. It was room 1 27.
And the moon is 127,000 miles from the earth or.
Something. No, it's, it's like 2 37, 2. Yeah. Whatever it was. The moon is,
yeah. The moon is like 200. I think. I think it's room 2 37, right? Yeah. 2 37.
That's the documentary on it? The, the moon is, well,
it depends on what time of the year and where,
but it's between 237 and 265,000 miles.
Away. Well, and they say that he directed the,
the fake movie at about the fake moon landing.
Well, that's the, that's the big conspiracy theory. What is the thing in the,
the, the circle with the Jack Nicholson picture there? Oh, there's uh,
the coffee. What does it say? It's.
The coffee. It might be the coffee that KME.
For. Almet what does that mean? What does Kalam and then the other one,
you go up, scroll up, you see the circles there's rockets on the wall. Uhhuh.
Sort of, sort of, yeah. That is, that is whatever that is. Yeah.
Strange. Yeah. There's but he was into weird. He was, I mean,
he was a legitimate genius. Yeah. Like eyes wide shut.
That's another strange movie. He did a lot of strange movies, man. Yeah.
He did. What did he do? Clockwork. Orange. Was that him? Yeah.
Those cubers dad was.
Full metal jacket documentary. That whole thing they shot in London really?
Cause he didn't want, he wouldn't leave his home really.
So they made like the second half of the movie supposed to be in Vietnam and
like some area in part of England. Really? Yeah.
Wow. He wouldn't leave London. you. I'm staying here. But,
but this movie's supposed to be in the middle of the jungle. Yeah.
Well it's right here. Here's the jungle off. Right?
He did some wild movies on that. Yeah, he did 2001. The, the, I,
the, this conspiracy theory about him directing the moon landing was that he was
doing it at the same time. He was doing 2001.
So because he was faking this space movie. Okay. 2001,
a space odysey that they used him to fake the moon landing footage,
Uhhuh <affirmative>. And there's a fake documentary, not a real documentary,
but a fake,
like a where he's admitting and people are talking about.
Have you seen that one? No, but that makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
A lot of people are like, dude, you didn't even know there's an actual,
real interview with him where he admits that he faked the moon landing,
but it's not. Yeah. It's just, it's fake. But it's were you ever.
On the, uh, in the camp of the moon landing was fake.
For yeah. Yeah. It's one of my favorite all time conspiracies,
because it's so strange that we never went back. I,
I abandoned it because I don't know anything about astrophysics or space
travel or any of that stuff. And the people that do think it's real.
So I'm like, okay,
well most likely they think the landing really happened to me. Yeah. Yeah.
But it there's so many weird things to it. There's so many,
there's so many weird things with the photographs and there's like intersecting
shadows that indicate different light sources. There's all sorts of weird.
The flag waving. Yeah. It's weird, man. There's a lot of weird. The fact that,
uh,
that this is the only time in human history that something is cheaper,
easier, and faster to replicate than it was in 1969.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> see. 19 69, 19 72, there was seven trips,
six successful where they went to the moon and back.
And uh, every, every space flight since then has been like near earth orbit.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, everything is like, you know,
know just a few miles up. It's not, they don't,
they don't go like they did then. I mean,
I think everything since then is like 300 miles.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> every human travel, you know,
like every space shuttles and stuff like that. They, they never go that far.
Yeah. They never go into deep space and come back.
The only time they came back was during the moon landings in the sixties when
they were lying about everything. Yeah.
But the thing is like Nixon was president back then it was like,
it's so romantic bombing Cambodia and yeah.
It's so romantic to think that they faked it. Also.
Here's another reason if you watch the post flight press conference,
and again, I'm not saying that this is what's,
this is actually what's happening, but it seems complete completely.
Like they're full of when they come back,
it seems like they're lying and they're nervous.
And they ask them about the stars. And, and again, I'm,
I'm not on the camp that they faked it. But, uh,
there was, uh, you know, buzz, Aldrin, Neil Armstrong and, um,
Michael Collins and Michael Collins. They,
they asked him about stars and in the press conference, he's like, uh,
I don't recall seeing any stars.
The problem with that is like Michael Collins never left the lunar module.
He wasn't supposed to be one of the guys that was on the surface of the moon.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> he was up in the, the craft that was circling, you know,
those in orbit around the moon.
And then later when he were wrote a book about it,
he talked about how magnificent the stars looked. Oh, so he has inconsistencies.
So the, the, the hoax people point to that,
they also point to the inconsistencies of the, uh,
the actual movement of the astronauts on the moon. Like, uh,
there's videos that make it look like they were on wires. There's videos that,
yeah.
There's like the back of this suit is being pulled by something it's weird.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but again,
like when was the last time you saw someone in one, six earths, gravity,
maybe that's just maybe things just look weird,
but there's a video of them where it looks like they're on trampolines.
It's very strange. And they're bounce it around on the surface, the moon,
like literally,
and you can't see their feet or they're like hidden behind equipment.
They're just bouncing up in the air and you're like, mm-hmm, <affirmative>,
it's fun.
It's fun to think the cubic faked it all catch new episodes that Joe Rogan
experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episode.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.